feat: use Auth0 Deploy CLI for versioning (#36)
freeCodeCamp/auth0-templates: README.md

# Auth0 Configs

> Configs for our Auth0 Tenants

## Contributing

**Note:** We limit direct contributions (in the form of pull requests) to this
project due to limitations with our QA & deployment workflows.

We welcome you to work on any of our other available open-source projects

> instead. You can find our contributing guidelines [here][5].

Author: ```suggestion
instead. You can find our contributing guidelines [here](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/).
```
